♪
>> IF PEOPLE PAY THEIR FAIR
SHARE, IF CORPORATIONS AND
THE ULTRA WEALTHY, IF WE
RATE TO 28%, IF WE DO THOSE
TWO THINGS AND ALSO CLOSE
SOME OF THOSE LOOPHOLES,
THAT'S $2 TRILLION RIGHT
THERE.
IF WE IMPLEMENT THE CARBON
TAX THAT'S AN ADDITIONAL
AMOUNT OF THE LARGE AMOUNT
OF REVENUE THAT WE CAN HAVE.
AND THEN THE LAST KEY, WHICH
IS EXTREMELY, EXTREMELY
IMPORTANT IS
REPRIORITYIZATION.
JUST LAST YEAR WE GAVE THE
MILITARY A $700 BILLION
BUDGET INCREASE, WHICH THEY
DIDN'T EVEN ASK FOR.
PETE: THAT'S THE NEW
SOCIALIST DARLING FROM THE
BRONX.
LET'S BRING IN DAN BONGINO,
FORMER SECRET SERVICE AGENT
AND HOST OF THE DAN BONGINO
PODCAST.
SHE SEEMS TO BE SPEAKING FOR
A LOT OF THE DEMOCRATS EVEN
THOUGH SHE CALLS HERSELF A
DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST.
HER IDEAS ARE GUTTING THE
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
>> YEAH, PETE, SHE IS ALSO
SPEAKING FOR PEOPLE WHO
DON'T READ BOOKS.
BECAUSE ALMOST NOTHING SHE
SAID IN THAT CLIP WAS
FACTUALLY CORRECT.
RONALD REAGAN, YES, RONALD
REAGAN ACTUALLY RAISED A
REVENUE WENT DOWN.
WHEN HE CUT INCOME TAXES
SIGNIFICANTLY, TAX REVENUE
WENT UP.
SO WHAT SHE IS TALKING ABOUT
ABOUT RAISING TAXES SHE HAS
VERY LITTLE EVIDENCE GOING
TO PRODUCE MORE REVENUE.
NUMBER TWO, SHE CONFUSING
THE ENTIRE MILITARY BUDGETS,
PETE, WITH THE INCREASE.
THE ENTIRE MILITARY BUDGET
IS AROUND 700.
THEY DIDN'T ASK FOR
$700 BILLION INCREASE.
SHE IS RUNNING FOR CONGRESS.
DUPED THIS, RIGHT?
NOT ONLY -- BY THE WAY, THE
LIES GO ON OR THE MISTRUTHS
OR WHATEVER THE FOCUS GROUP
TESTED WORD IS AND THEN SHE
SAYS AND THEY DIDN'T EVEN
ASK FOR IT GENERAL MATTIS
ACTUALLY LOBBIED FOR THE
INCREASE.
DOLLS SHE NOT KNOW THAT DID
SHE JUST MAKE UP THIS WHOLE
THING?
AT WHAT POINT IS SHE GOING
TO GO ON THE AIR AND SAY
SOMETHING THAT IS FACTUALLY
CORRECT?
THIS IS EMBARRASSING NOW.
GRIFF: DAN, LET ME JUST TELL
YOU, SHE CLEARLY IS POINTING
OUT SOME OF THE WEAKNESSES
OF THE G.O.P.
SHE TWEETED THAT THE G.O.P.
IS WEAK ON FIGHTING FOR
WORKING CLASS AMERICANS.
WEAK ON CRIME, WORK ON EQUAL
RIGHTS.
WEAK ON NATIONAL SECURITY,
WEAK ON REJECTING RACISM,
WEAK ON MORAL COURAGE AND
A PROBLEM WITH THE
REPUBLICAN PARTY.
WHAT SAY YOU?
>> YEAH, YEAH.
THAT'S JUST A GENIUS TWEET.
WEAK ON BORDERS.
WE WANT A BORDER WALL THAT
L. WILL DEFINITELY WEAKEN
THE BORDER.
WEAK ON FAMILY VALUES.
S THAT FASCINATING.
GRIFF IS, SHE JUST MAKING
SHE MAY NEED AN INTERVENTION
AFTER THIS TWEET.
THAT IS INSANE.
WHY WOULD YOU EVEN WRITE
THAT?
SHE DOESN'T EVEN UNDERSTAND
ABOUT FAIR SHARE?
TAXES.
BIG FEDERAL INCOME TAXES.
THINK ABOUT THAT.
ONE OUT OF 100 PEOPLE
WORKING THEIR BUTTS OUT
THERE IS PAYING 40 CENTS OF
EVERY DOLLAR.
THE TOP 20% OF EARNERS ARE
ON TALKING ABOUT THE ECONOMY
SINCE TRUMP IS IN OFFICE AND
I WANT TO THANK HIM FOR
THIS.
ONE WE ARE NOT APOLOGIZING
FOR HARD WORK ANYMORE.
NUMBER TWO, WE DON'T OWE A
DIME MORE CAPTAIN FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT.
NOT A DIME.
FLUSHED OUR SOCIAL SECURITY
DOWN THE TOILET.
HAVE YOU RUINED THE
EDUCATION SYSTEM.
YOU ARE DROWNING US IN
20 TRILLION IN DEBT.
WE ARE NOT GIVING YOU ANY
MORE MONEY.
DO YOU HEAR WHAT WE ARE
TALKING ABOUT?
IN RULES.
NO MOSQUE, NO MORE MONEY FOR
YOU.
HAVE YOU RUINED ALL YOUR
CREDIBILITY.
IT'S NOT THAT THE GOVERNMENT
IS TOO BIG IT'S TOO DUMB TO
SPEND OUR MONEY THE RIGHT
WAY.
WE WILL KEEP IT NOW THANK
YOU VERY MUCH.
IS THE FUTURE OF THE PARTY.
THEY LOVE THE MESSAGE SHE IS
TALKING WITH A LOT OF YOUNG
THAT?
THE BIG QUESTION AS WE ALL
ARE TALKING ABOUT THIS
MORNING IS WHERE IS THAT
MONEY GOING TO COME FROM?
HOW ARE YOU GOING TO PAY FOR
IT?
CABOT PHILLIPS WHO IS ON OUR
SHOW ALL THE TIME HE GOES
OUT AND GETS AN IDEA OF HOW
PEOPLE ARE THINKING IN THIS
COUNTRY.
HE WENT TO COLLEGE CAMPUSES
AND ASKED THEM ABOUT THESE
POLICIES.
ABOUT HOW GOING TO PAY FOR
THIS.
>> HER PLATFORM INCLUDES
FREE HEALTHCARE, FREE
TUITION, LIVING MINIMUM WAGE
THE GOVERNMENT SHOULD BE
PROVIDING FOR PEOPLE.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
>> 100 PERCENT.
>> I FEEL LIKE EVERYONE
SHOULD HAVE FREE EDUCATION
FOR THOSE?
>> OH, GOD.
I MEAN,.
>> US.
>> US, I GUESS.
>> WHO, IN YOUR MIND SHOULD
PAY FOR ALL OF THE FREE
IT.
>> BUT THE GOVERNMENT IS
FUNDED BY TAXES.
>> THAT LAST ANSWER WAS EPIC
BECAUSE IT SUMS UP THE
ENTIRE PROGRESSIVE MOVEMENT.
HOW FAR ARE WE GOING TO PAY
FOR IT?
BY TAXES BUT THEN THE
GOVERNMENT CAN PAY FOR THE
REST AS IF THE GOVERNMENT
HAS LIKE A MONEY FAIRY.
LIKE THERE IS A MONEY FAIRY
THAT SPRINKLES MONEY ALL
AROUND.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND LIKE THE
BLACK HOLE OF
INTELLECTUALISM THE CURRENT
PROGRESSIVE MOVEMENT LIVES
IN?
THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND.
IT REMINDS ME OF A MELTON
FREIDMAN ANALOGY WHERE HE
SAID THE GREAT MYTH OF
PROGRESSIVISM YOU THINK YOUR
NEIGHBOR IS PAYING FOR IT
BUT YOUR NEIGHBOR SAYING THE
SAME THING.
THEY THINK YOU ARE PAYING
FOR IT THEY REALLY BELIEVE
THERE IS A MONEY FAIRY OUT
DOING THE HARD WORK.
NICE JOB.
I'M BEING SERIOUS HERE.
SHE IS RUNNING FOR CONGRESS.
SHE KNOWS VERY LITTLE ABOUT
WHAT SHE IS TALKING ABOUT.
IF SHE IS GOING TO BE THE
FUTURE OF THE PARTY, SHE
OWES THE VOTERS OUT THERE
SOME SEMBLANCE OF REALITY,
AND SHE IS NOT LIVING IN IT
THOSE 1 PERCENTERS.
>> I'M PROUD.
I EARN MY MONEY AND I'M
APOLOGIZING ANY MORE.
PETE: GOOD MAN.